hey YouTube what's up it's the boss Ella
and I'm here to do a wig review I have a
wig from diva tres calm by sensational
and it's from the bump collection the
bunk bed collection and this wig is
called Holly this is the Holly wig as
you can see and today i'll be doing
color number TF EG which is for Burgundy
this is a one hundred percent human hair
wig it comes pre-bump and let me show
you the color this is how the packaging
looks it sends it in a box it's nicely
wrapped the Holly wig the TF BG i don't
know if i have my lights it's right for
y'all to see the wave pattern in here
there it is this is what it looks like
and this is the color burgundy this wig
is pre bumped pre-blended for a unique
style pre styled it saves you time and
money if they mixed it and it's just up
to you to pick the color that you like
this week has adjustable straps this is
the construction of the leg and this is
the front of the wig and there are no
combs in this week but it does have the
ear tabs okay so let's put it on and see
outlook
cap is pretty snug
ok so I'm doing everything with this
week I have had to this is cute but I
had to bust out my razor
hey youtube so i finally found a hairdo
that I liked as you saw i fast-forwarded
through me just fumbling with it but i
finally found something that i liked
this is like really really cute and
retro i'm loving the two colors
definitely loving the little twirl on
the side i just add at me a little
headband and it's hot in here honey so
I'm Fanning but I appreciate y'all
watching this video this week is
available at diva tres calm and I thank
you for watching I see you in the next
video